Update Kapacitor security docs (#3325)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/kapacitor/v1.6/administration/security.md

### Kapacitor Authentication and Authorization

> Basic authentication can be enabled with the `username`, `password`, and `auth-enabled` 
> paramenters in the `[http]` section  of `kapacitor.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure Kapacitor requires a username and password to connect, enable basic authentication.
To do this, set up the `username`, `password`, and `auth-enabled` 
paramenters in the `[http]` section  of `kapacitor.conf`.
```

> Kapacitor will then expect a username and password to be supplied when connecting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
